Documentation improvements to contributing guide (#15667) (#15668)
matrix-org/synapse: docs/development/contributing_guide.md

> 

Reviewer: > A recent version of the Rust compiler is needed to build the native modules. The
easiest way of installing the latest version is to use [rustup](https://rustup.rs/).

In the "What do I need?" section above, we could probably move this quote just above the "Synapse can connect to PostgreSQL" paragraph to make it more obvious as a prerequisite as well

# 4. Install the dependencies

> Before installing the Python dependencies, make sure you have installed Rust (see the
> "What do I need?" section above) and have selected the default Rust toolchain:

Reviewer: > and have selected the default Rust toolchain

This doesn't seem strictly necessary? I'm assuming the goal is just to suggest an easy way to install the latest stable version of Rust. We can probably just re-iterate what the section above explains.

```suggestion
Before installing the Python dependencies, make sure you have installed a recent version
of Rust (see the "What do I need?" section above). The easiest way of installing the
latest version is to use [rustup](https://rustup.rs/).:
```

Author: I added the comment about the default rust toolchain because after installing Rust via rustup and then trying a `poetry build` I got this error:

```
running build_ext
running build_rust
error: rustup could not choose a version of rustc to run, because one wasn't specified explicitly, and no default is configured.
help: run 'rustup default stable' to download the latest stable release of Rust and set it as your default toolchain.
error: can't find Rust compiler
```
So that was cargo-culting on my part - I have no experience with Rust, I just did what the error message suggested and then a build succeeded.

Author: OK, I removed rust completely from my system and tried everything from scratch - I could not reproduce the error about the default rust toolchain, so I've removed the mention.

poetry install --extras all
```

This will install the runtime and developer dependencies for the project.  Be sure to check
that the `poetry install` step completed cleanly.

## Running Synapse via poetry

To start a local instance of Synapse in the locked poetry environment, create a config file:

```sh
cp docs/sample_config.yaml homeserver.yaml
cp docs/sample_log_config.yaml log_config.yaml
```

> Now edit `homeserver.yaml`, things you might want to change include:
> - setting a servername
> - fixing pathnames to be correct for your system
> - using a PostgreSQL database instead of SQLite
> - adding a [registration_shared_secret](https://matrix-org.github.io/synapse/latest/usage/configuration/config_documentation.html#registration_shared_secret)
>   for use with [register_new_matrix_user](https://matrix-org.github.io/synapse/latest/setup/installation.html#registering-a-user)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now edit `homeserver.yaml`, things you might want to change might include:

- Set a `server_name`
- Adjusting paths to be correct for your system like the `log_config` to point to the log config you just copied
- Using a [PostgreSQL database instead of SQLite](https://matrix-org.github.io/synapse/latest/usage/configuration/config_documentation.html#database)
- Adding a [`registration_shared_secret`](https://matrix-org.github.io/synapse/latest/usage/configuration/config_documentation.html#registration_shared_secret) so you can use [`register_new_matrix_user` command](https://matrix-org.github.io/synapse/latest/setup/installation.html#registering-a-user).
```

edit `log_config.yaml` if necessary:

> - you may wish to set the root handler for logging in your dev environment to `console`

Reviewer: I think we can remove this as it's not really necessary to change anything if you're just getting your dev setup going

> and run Synapse with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And then run Synapse with the following command:
```
